# Unity Hierarchy Structure

## Structure

The level object should be the parent for any instances that are specific to a given level phase.  A good way to think of it is, 
I should be able to delete every single child of the Level object, and the game should still function.  This characteristic allows us
to have full control over the game's progression all within a given scene (no need to load another scene).  It also keeps the hierarchy 
clean.

Anything outside of the level object will be maintained throughout the entire game, regardless of level phase.  We should be careful not 
to add too many of these if we don't need them.

## Base Objects

Currently, only the following objects should be outside of the Level Object during runtime:

* **Main Camera**:  This is the main unity camera, controlled via cinemachine.  
* **Canvas**:  This is the unity canvas, where all menus / UI elements exist
* **Parallaxer**:  This handles the parallaxing effect.  The backgrounds will be swapped out during runtime as needed
* **PlayerVCam**:  This is the main cinemachine virtual camera.  Different virtual cameras will eventually be instantiated via prefabs
* **Player**:  This is our main player
* **Level**:  Contains the director component which will handle game flow through individual level phases.  Also the parent for any level phase specific objects.  
* **EventSystem**:  Auto-Generated by Unity.  This handles sending input events to the UI elements on the canvas.
* **SystemObject**:  Handles system level operations, such as configuration saving / loading, input management, and more

Anything that isn't one of these objects generally should be instantiated as a child of the Level object.  There are two main Instantiate methods to use:

```InstantiateRootPrefab``` instantiates a prefab in the root of the hierarchy.  

```InstantiateLevelPrefab``` instantiates a prefab under the Level object.  

Good rule of thumb, if you're spawning something level / level phase specific, and *especially if you're within an ILevelPhase instance*, you should use ```InstantiateLevelPrefab```.